Go to sleep
As Party A
It is necessary to provide a comfortable sleeping environment for Party B
You and Doudou sleep in bed
I lay on the floor
You sleep in bed with Doudou
I slept on the floor.
How can I make my father and mother
They're all in bed.
It's late, grandma
What's wrong beanie
I want to sleep with you. Okay?
Auntie, what are you doing with the mattress?
Mom is afraid that I will not sleep honestly at night.
Fell out of bed
So make a floor
Wouldn't it be nice to let my aunt sleep outside in several lifetimes?
Ah ah ok
Go to sleep
Many children and many blessings let me hold a grandson
Grandchildren can do it
Mom doesn't pick
I don't pick Mom either, I don't want him to cheer
Come on.
Excuse me?
Old people are like this
I thought so.
What do you want?
What are you doing?
What do you think?